what is up guys Alan Casey here earth as
my youtube name is Casey master 96 and I
know that's just our playing modern
warfare 3 and say that sucks but I have
connections with Infinity Ward and call
duty and my god call of duty modern
warfare food prestige efficient now you
see it was 149 99 and this is at three
thousand nine nine hundred native copy
of 10,000 so here it is and let me show
you what's inside the prestige edition
nothing will be coming out to November
2012 cuz they're gonna make another
modern warfare 4 instead of releasing
another treyarch game that's what has
confirmed and let's get started so you
know how some modern warfare 2 got the
those night-vision goggles wall in
modern warfare 4 / solution at come to
find oculars you know you could see from
miles away very nice very nice $150 to
further the whole package you got these
goggles these are night vision goggles
so get the banana they get the
binoculars and goggles pretty good so
lemme tell how we try these babies out
very nice very nice very nice and you
get this call of duty 10 which is pretty
nice you know there's something suddenly
really so let me open it up and see
Humpty Dumpty so pretty yeah it's pretty
good otherwise I'll videos anything from
it's nice that's good okay this is nice
you get on her mark especially that
specialized call of duty harmonica yeah
it's pretty good pretty good sweat value
okay yeah this is nice of a in exclusive
to the colony prestige edition you get
Meatwad from aqua teen hunger force I
mean it's just good I was heading to go
up your characters but just that one no
ok so it's called the environment for
their got to have football bombs because
when the map sticks based on the
football field and it's like a frag
grenade close up so here's uh it's put
it in the colony are mph appreciate
edition for and then they have a green
expo marker because of course call of
duty modern warfare 4 it's going green
so windows expose make a call of duty
modern warfare green expo marker called
uniform and then this is pretty good at
1600 microsoft points yeah and I can I
got volume button fluid with the
prestige edition okay here and that's it
and now we have to gain oh wait
nevermind before the game they gave me a
dollar to you know probably buy
something large game you know never know
here it is guys call of duty modern
warfare or no comics similar to modern
warfare community but you know here's
the back called d my work for brought
over 4 4 s or it is
you see right here they gave me an xbox
live gold membership regular 2499 and
here it is call of duty one more fair
for and that's basically it guys I
really recommend buying this but the
whole probably meanie and about another
20 people only have the copied modern
warfare prestige edition I don't know
why didn't have a look from other refer
to the Yabba it was december 31st of
2011 and approximately 9 43 and i have
called beauty modern warfare 4 I got
earlier today but you know I was busy
playing on it you know they have a new
mode they were they on the ground seldom
use back they have a new map called
keynoter Gobber Werth takes place out of
school and the Wonder offs back on it
dude it's amazing and then it comes our
I'm not this amazing that's playing
campaign you know got the Meatwad just
good you have to call in case hunky w
got the football got the dream of gold
membership it's got the dollar such a
1600 like microsoft points the Korean
xbox repaired the harmonica the night
vision and of course the inoculation you
can't call robber 149 ID on 350 bucks
about twenty dollars for shipping and
helping for me but I gotta think I'll do
it I gotta think of any word I got that
thing Activision to wasn't forgotten yep
good that's the modern warfare for
prestige edition guys enjoyed later